---
UID: 56df3decec59b
post_title: DCOS 1.4
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
published: true
menu_order: 4
page_options_require_authentication: false
page_options_show_link_unauthenticated: false
hide_from_navigation: false
hide_from_related: false
---
<p>The release notes provide a list of useful topics and links for Mesosphere DCOS.</p>

<h1><a name="dcos-ui"></a>DCOS Web Interface and DCOS Services</h1>

<ul>
<li>Navigate a Tasks directory on an Agent.</li>
<li>Graphs now give an indication of network interruption/hanging requests.</li>
<li>Design improvements to all side panels (Nodes, Service, Task).</li>
<li>Task failure rate is shown correctly now.</li>
<li>CLI install modal no longer hides contents.</li>
<li>Significant updates to DCOS Services: Kafka (0.9.2), HDFS (0.1.5)</li>
<li>Cassandra CLI has been added</li>
</ul>

<h1><a name="marathon-chronos"></a>Marathon and Chronos</h1>

<ul>
<li>Marathon 0.13.0 

<ul>
<li>Breaking Changes 

<ul>
<li>Tasks keys and storage format in ZooKeeper</li>
<li>Zookeeper Compression</li>
<li>Use logback as logging backend</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Major changes to the UI layout</li>
<li>Enable extensions to Marathon via Plugins</li>
<li>Pluggable Authentication and Authorization hooks</li>
<li>See the <a href="https://github.com/mesosphere/marathon/blob/v0.13.0-RC1/changelog.md">Marathon 0.13.0 release notes</a></li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<h1><a name="mesos"></a>Mesos</h1>

<ul>
<li>The Mesos kernel is now 0.25.0.</li>
<li>Highlights 

<ul>
<li>Experimental support for maintenance primitives.</li>
<li>Added master endpoints /reserve and /unreserve for dynamic reservations.</li>
<li>Extended Module APIs to enable IP per container assignment, isolation and resolution.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>See the <a href="https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=mesos.git;a=blob_plain;f=CHANGELOG;hb=0.25.0">Mesos 0.25.0 release notes</a></li>
</ul>

<!-- ## System Requirements

The system requirements are documented [here](/getting-started/sys-requirements/). -->

<h1><a name="known-issues"></a>Known Issues and Limitations</h1>

<ul>
<li><p>See additional known issues at <a href="https://support.mesosphere.com" target="_blank">support.mesosphere.com</a>.</p></li>
<li><p>The Service and Agent panels of the DCOS Web Interface won't render over 5,000 tasks. If you have a service or agent that has over 5,000 your browser may experience slowness. In this case you can close said browser tab and reopen the DCOS web interface.</p></li>
</ul>